_topic/lockerSync.md, before:

---
layout: post
title: "Locker Sync Issue"
prompt: "Trouble downloading Rebble apps"
keywords: "locker sync download not available lockersync installed unsupported watchface app"
date:   2021-02-01 07:14:42
author: "Will0"
osSpecific: false
---

# Locker Sync Issues 

If your apps appear installed in the Rebble store, but aren't actually in your app locker, your phone is likely out of sync with the servers:

![](/images/lockersync/2.png)  
   
Uninstalling and reinstalling the Pebble app fixes this issue, but there are two less drastic fixes to attempt first.


First, try rebooting your phone. This often resolves the issue.
    
If that does not work, continue to the next step.

# Manually downloading the app

If the Rebble servers think your app or face is already installed, you can manually download it to fix the problem.   
   
Open [https://apps.rebble.io/en_US/watchapps?dev_settings=true](https://apps.rebble.io/en_US/watchapps?dev_settings=true) on your phone.   

<notmobile>
You can scan this QR code to go there:

<qr url="https://apps.rebble.io/en_US/watchapps?dev_settings=true" />
</notmobile>

Search for the app or watchface that is out of sync.

# Download the .pbw

At the bottom of the store page you'll see an option 'download pbw'. Tap it.

![](/images/lockersync/3.png)  

Once the .pbw file downloads, find the file and open it with the Pebble app.

If you don't get the option to open the file with the Pebble app, [click here](/sideloading/)

The app will now be installed and no longer out of sync with Rebble.

Commit message:

Doc logout/login for lockersync issue
Also doc that the sideload is a workaround and does not actually fix locker sync.

_topic/lockerSync.md, after:

---
layout: post
title: "Locker Sync Issue"
prompt: "Trouble downloading Rebble apps"
keywords: "locker sync download not available lockersync installed unsupported watchface app"
date:   2021-02-01 07:14:42
author: "Will0"
osSpecific: false
---

# Locker Sync Issues 

If your apps appear installed in the Rebble store, but aren't actually in your app locker, your phone is likely out of sync with the servers:

![](/images/lockersync/2.png)  
   
Uninstalling and reinstalling the Pebble app fixes this issue, but there are two less drastic fixes to attempt first.


First, try rebooting your phone. This often resolves the issue.
    
If that does not work, continue to the next step.

# Logout and login from app

In the Pebble app, open Settings and scroll down to "Account > Logged In (email here)" and click to logout.

Then in the same location click to login again.

# Re-connect to Rebble.io

Run https://boot.rebble.io/ (again)

# Manually downloading the app

If the Rebble servers think your app or face is already installed, you can manually download it to workaround the problem.   
   
Open [https://apps.rebble.io/en_US/watchapps?dev_settings=true](https://apps.rebble.io/en_US/watchapps?dev_settings=true) on your phone.   

<notmobile>
You can scan this QR code to go there:

<qr url="https://apps.rebble.io/en_US/watchapps?dev_settings=true" />
</notmobile>

Search for the app or watchface that is out of sync.

# Download the .pbw

At the bottom of the store page you'll see an option 'download pbw'. Tap it.

![](/images/lockersync/3.png)  

Once the .pbw file downloads, find the file and open it with the Pebble app.

If you don't get the option to open the file with the Pebble app, [click here](/sideloading/)

The app will now be installed and usable (but locker may stil be out of sync with Rebble).
