_topic/setup-android.md, before:

---
layout: post
title: "Setup Rebble Web Services"
prompt: "I need help setting up Rebble Web Services"
date:   2021-02-01 07:14:42
author: "Will0, lolrepeatlol"
osSpecific: true
os: android
---

# Connect your Pebble to it's charger

Connect your Pebble to a plugged in USB charging cable. You really wouldn't want it to lose power in the middle of a firmware update! Once the watch is powered on, press the left button to dismiss the charging screen.

# Download the Pebble APK

On your Android device, download the Pebble APK from the following link:

[APK Download](https://rebble.io/apk)

<notmobile>

or via this QR code:   

<qr url="https://rebble.io/apk" />

</notmobile>
   
# Install the APK

Once you've downloaded the .apk file, open it on your phone by selecting it, then selecting **Install**:   

![](/images/setup/3.png)

You might be prompted with the following screen:

![](/images/setup/1.png)

If so, click through to Settings and select "Allow from this source" to enable installation of apps from unknown sources for your preferred file manager. 

![](/images/setup/2.png)

This will allow the official Pebble app to be sideloaded. You can revert this setting when the Pebble app is installed if you'd like!


**On earlier versions of Android (7 or below), the permissions step will be slightly different**. 

If you're running Android 7 or below:

- Once you've downloaded the .apk file, open Settings.

- Tap "Lock screen and Security," or "Security."

- Tap "Allow installation from unknown sources," "Unknown sources," or a similar option. Then, read the prompt and tap **OK**.

- Go back to the downloaded Pebble APK file in your file manager, and proceed with the installation.

# Open the Pebble app

You’ll be greeted by the Pebble Account page. Simply tap 'SKIP LOGIN' twice to continue.

![](/images/setup/4.png)

![](/images/setup/5.png)

# Choose the type of Pebble you have

![](/images/setup/6.png)

# Pair your watch

The app starts looking for nearby Pebbles. It should shortly see your Pebble, as Pebble xxxx. This same string can be seen on the Pebble, so you know the phone sees the right watch. Tap it.   

If the Pebble doesn’t appear and you’re on Android 10, make sure that Location is turned on (the Pebble app needs it to search for nearby Bluetooth devices).  If that still doesn't work, go to the Bluetooth settings page of the phone, pair the watch, and try again.

![](/images/setup/7.png)

# Run through the watch setup

Run through the Pebble setup screens. Make sure you allow notification access:

![](/images/setup/8.png)

# Complete the Pebble pairing

Once you get to this screen, you've finished part 1 - connecting your Pebble.   
   
![](/images/setup/9.png)   
   
All that's left to do now is connect it to Rebble Web Services.

# Open auth.rebble.io

On the phone, open a decent browser (like Chrome or Firefox), and go to [auth.rebble.io](https://auth.rebble.io).

<notmobile>
    <qr url="https://auth.rebble.io" />
</notmobile>

   
You will be greeted with a number of ways to sign in.    

![](/images/setup/10.png)   

Choose one and sign in. *Remember your sign in credentials!*

You will be returned to the Rebble site and be greeted with 'You’re all set!'   

# Switch to Rebble 

Read the page, then tap the **Switch to Rebble** button.   
The browser will then ask if you want to open it with the Pebble app.

![](/images/setup/11.png)

You should then see this page:

![](/images/setup/12.png)

**If you get back to the Pebble app and don't see that screen, go back to the browser and press *switch to Rebble* again.**

# You’re done!

![noborder](/images/setup/13.png)

You’re done! Go to Watchfaces, tap the big red “+” in the lower right corner and find and install watchfaces you like from the Rebble store.

If you want to use dictation, get weather pins in your Timeline, and have a faster Timeline sync period, check out a [Rebble subscription](/subscription)

Commit message:

Correct boot link in android setup

_topic/setup-android.md, after:

---
layout: post
title: "Setup Rebble Web Services"
prompt: "I need help setting up Rebble Web Services"
date:   2021-02-01 07:14:42
author: "Will0, lolrepeatlol"
osSpecific: true
os: android
---

# Connect your Pebble to it's charger

Connect your Pebble to a plugged in USB charging cable. You really wouldn't want it to lose power in the middle of a firmware update! Once the watch is powered on, press the left button to dismiss the charging screen.

# Download the Pebble APK

On your Android device, download the Pebble APK from the following link:

[APK Download](https://rebble.io/apk)

<notmobile>

or via this QR code:   

<qr url="https://rebble.io/apk" />

</notmobile>
   
# Install the APK

Once you've downloaded the .apk file, open it on your phone by selecting it, then selecting **Install**:   

![](/images/setup/3.png)

You might be prompted with the following screen:

![](/images/setup/1.png)

If so, click through to Settings and select "Allow from this source" to enable installation of apps from unknown sources for your preferred file manager. 

![](/images/setup/2.png)

This will allow the official Pebble app to be sideloaded. You can revert this setting when the Pebble app is installed if you'd like!


**On earlier versions of Android (7 or below), the permissions step will be slightly different**. 

If you're running Android 7 or below:

- Once you've downloaded the .apk file, open Settings.

- Tap "Lock screen and Security," or "Security."

- Tap "Allow installation from unknown sources," "Unknown sources," or a similar option. Then, read the prompt and tap **OK**.

- Go back to the downloaded Pebble APK file in your file manager, and proceed with the installation.

# Open the Pebble app

You’ll be greeted by the Pebble Account page. Simply tap 'SKIP LOGIN' twice to continue.

![](/images/setup/4.png)

![](/images/setup/5.png)

# Choose the type of Pebble you have

![](/images/setup/6.png)

# Pair your watch

The app starts looking for nearby Pebbles. It should shortly see your Pebble, as Pebble xxxx. This same string can be seen on the Pebble, so you know the phone sees the right watch. Tap it.   

If the Pebble doesn’t appear and you’re on Android 10, make sure that Location is turned on (the Pebble app needs it to search for nearby Bluetooth devices).  If that still doesn't work, go to the Bluetooth settings page of the phone, pair the watch, and try again.

![](/images/setup/7.png)

# Run through the watch setup

Run through the Pebble setup screens. Make sure you allow notification access:

![](/images/setup/8.png)

# Complete the Pebble pairing

Once you get to this screen, you've finished part 1 - connecting your Pebble.   
   
![](/images/setup/9.png)   
   
All that's left to do now is connect it to Rebble Web Services.

# Open boot.rebble.io

On the phone, open a decent browser (like Chrome or Firefox), and go to [boot.rebble.io](https://boot.rebble.io).

<notmobile>
    <qr url="https://boot.rebble.io" />
</notmobile>

   
You will be greeted with a number of ways to sign in.    

![](/images/setup/10.png)   

Choose one and sign in. *Remember your sign in credentials!*

You'll be redirected back to a page with a button.

# Switch to Rebble 

Read the page, then tap the **Switch to Rebble** button.   

The browser will then ask if you want to open it with the Pebble app.

![](/images/setup/11.png)

You should then see this page:

![](/images/setup/12.png)

**If you get back to the Pebble app and don't see that screen, go back to the browser and press *switch to Rebble* again.**

# You’re done!

![noborder](/images/setup/13.png)

You’re done! Go to Watchfaces, tap the big red “+” in the lower right corner and find and install watchfaces you like from the Rebble store.

If you want to use dictation, get weather pins in your Timeline, and have a faster Timeline sync period, check out a [Rebble subscription](/subscription)
